feat: Rename custom performance metrics to custom peformance measurem… (#10143)
getsentry/sentry-docs: includes/custom-measurements-disclaimer.mdx

<Alert level="warning">

> For a more flexible solution where your measurements are not tied to transactions and not limited to 10 per transaction, we recommend you use [custom metrics](https://docs.sentry.io/product/metrics/) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom performance measurements are limited to 10 per transaction. If you have more than 10 measurements per transaction, the list will be truncated. For a more flexible solution, we recommend using [custom metrics](https://docs.sentry.io/product/metrics/) instead.
```

Reviewer: We should rewrite this since metrics will eventually be tied to spans

Author: applied 👍
